About
=====

---

 &nbsp;  
This website is trying to sell you the access to several finetuned/base language models and the tools to interact with them. These language models aim to support:

- Social scientists who cannot have enough of their interviewees' opinions
- Journalists/Marketers/Communicators who want to make argurments like their audiences
- Reasonable people who need to reason like the unreasonable

Unlike mainstream language models trained by other businesses, our models are bended either by finetuning or prompt-engineering until they sound like specific groups of people. Compared to other businesses that want their models to be unbiased, helpful, logical and reasonable, we want our models to sound like a normal human with all of their emotions, biases, preferences, hatred, fears, and so on.

&nbsp;

This website is kept as simple as possible, partly because we do not have the resources to be fancy. This is a privacy feature rather than a drawback actually. In fact, we do not ask you to register an account with us.

&nbsp; 

Regarding the tools incoporated in this website, we offer API endpoints and sandboxs to support:

- Researchers who need to label  and or modify their datasets quickly and efficiently (e.g., predict/convert towards emotions).
- Researchers who want to automatically interview people
- Students who need to write or paraphase their assignments 
- Developers who want to build or test their own agents or chatbots (explore Construction Zone)
- People who want to bend the language models according to their wills. 

There is no sophisticated agenda or argument to be made here, we are playing the role of a parakeet, repeating other people voices.


- __If you want to help please contact us.__
- __If you have data generated by a specific group of people, we can colaborate.__
- __If you have an idea of training a new model and willing to pay for it, please let's us know.__


Examples
========

---


